There have been many questions about the countries forecast specially the one focusing on the United States of America (USA). They won't be answered one by one but below you can find some explanation, thoughts and reflections. We are going to keep this as short as possible.

The majority of the economic and demographic data used in the making of the forecasts is widely available by institutions such as the CIA, IMF, UN, USG, etc. You can see the most relevant data at every single country's page. There is a tiny part of data coming from a variety of shadow sources such as Internet gurus, unsigned reports and others. But all these sources are from the internet and are of public domain for at least a minority. For example, several years ago Dagong, the Chinese ratings agency, published a report analyzing the physical economy of the States comparing it with those of China, Germany and Japan. The conclusion was that the US GDP was something between $5 to $10 trillion instead of $15 trillion as officially reported by the USG. We assume that the official data, especially economic, released by governments is fake, cooked or distorted in some degree. Historically it is well known that the former Soviet Union was making up fake statistics years
before its collapse. Western as well as other countries are making up their numbers today to conceal their realstate of affairs. We are sure that many people out there can find government statistics in their own countries that by their own personal experience are hard to believe or are so optimistic that may belong to a different country.

We see a significant part of the American population migrating to Latin America and Asia while migration to Europe - suffering a similar illness - won't be relevant. Neverthelessthe death toll will be horrible. Takeinto account that the Soviet Union's population waspoorerthan the Americans nowadaysor even then. The ex-Soviets suffered during the following struggle in the 1990s with a significant death toll and the loss of national pride. Might we say"Twice the pride, double thefall"? Nope. The American standard of living is one of the highest, far more than double of the Soviets while having added a services economy that will be gonealongwith the financial system. When pensioners see their retirement disappear in frontof their eyes and there are no servicing jobs you can imagine whatis going to happen next. At least younger people can migrate. Never in human history were so many elders among the population. In past
centuries people were lucky to get to their 30s or 40s. The American downfall is set to be far worse than the Soviet Union's one. A confluence ofcrisis with a devastating result.

The Demographic crisis in the former Soviet Union countries has extended for over two decades, if we acceptthatit ended earlyin this decade (2010s). The demographic crisis will hit the World in the nearfuture and is projected to last between three and eight decades more or less depending on technological breakthrough and environmental issues. The aftermath is more likely a frozen picture with the population numbers staying the same for a very, very long period of time. The countries forecast population numbers do reflect birth/deaths but also migratory movements. Many countries are going to increase their gross population due to immigration while their native population may shrink.

Over the past two thousand years we have witnessed the Western civilization built around the Mediterranean Sea shifting to Northern Europe and then by the mid 20th century shifting to an Atlantic axis to finally get centered into the Statesin the past 30 years. The next move will see the civilization being centered in Asia with Russia andChinaon top. Historically a change in the economic paradigm has resulted in a death toll that is rarely highlighted by mainstream historians. When the transition from rural areas to large cities happened in Europe many people unable to accept the new paradigm killed themselves. They killed themselves by a psychological factor. This is not mainstream but it is true. A new crisis joins old, well known patterns with new ones.

Sorry to disappoint many of you with our forecast. It is getting worse and worse every year since the beginning ofthe pre-crisis in 2007.It is already said that this website is non-profit, built on spare time andwe provide our information and services AS |S withoutfurther explanations and/or guarantees. We arenotlinked to any government in any way, shape or form. We are not a death or satanic cult or arms dealers as some BS isfloating around the internet on this topic. Take into account that the forecastis nothing more than a model whether flawed orcorrect. It is not God's word or a magic device thatallows to foresee the future.

Sunday, October 26th, 2014